Add wasm-pack install instructions to README.md (#66)
paritytech/substrate-api-sidecar: README.md

### Installation

> Make sure your machine has an [up-to-date version of `rustup`](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) installed so rust dependencies can be managed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your machine has an
[up-to-date version of `rustup`](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) installed to manage Rust
dependencies.
```
